against the ammonites thus says the Lord
has Israel no sons
has he no heir why then does milcom
inherit God and his people dwell in its
cities therefore behold the days are
coming says the Lord that I will cause
to be heard an alarm of war in rabaa
of the ammonites it shall be a desolate
mound and her villages shall be burned
with fire then Israel shall take
possession of his inheritance whale o
Heshbon for AI is plundered cry you
daughters of robber gird yourselves with
sackcloth lament and run to and fro by
the walls for mill come shall go into
captivity with his priests and his
princes together why do you boast in the
valence your flowing valley o
backsliding daughter who trusted in her
treasures saying who will come against
me behold I will bring fear upon you
says the Lord God of hosts from all
those who are around you you shall be
driven out everyone headlong and no one
will gather those who wander off but
afterward I will bring back the captives
of the people of ammon says the Lord
against Edom thus says the Lord of hosts
is wisdom nor more intimate has counsel
perished from the prudent has their
wisdom vanished
FLE turn back dwell in the depths or
inhabitants of Eden for I will bring the
calamity of Esau upon him the time that
I will punish him
if grape gatherers came to you would
they not leave some gleaning grapes if
thieves by night would they not destroy
until they have enough but I have made
Esau there I have uncovered his secret
places and he shall not be able to hide
himself his descendants are plundered
his brethren and his neighbours and he
is no more leave your fatherless
children I will preserve them alive and
let your widows trust in me for thus
says the Lord behold of those whose
judgment was not to drink of the cup
have assuredly drunk and are you the one
who will altogether go unpunished you
shall not go unpunished but you shall
surely drink of it for I have sworn by
myself says the Lord that Basra shall
become a desolation a reproach a waste
and the curse and all its cities shall
be perpetual wastes I have heard a
message from the Lord and an ambassador
has been sent to the nations gather
together come against her and rise up to
battle for indeed I will make you small
among nations despised among men your
fierceness has deceived you the pride of
your heart o you who dwell in the clefts
of the rock who hold the height of the
hill though you make your nest as high
as the Eagle I will bring you down from
there says the Lord
Edom also shall be an astonishment
everyone who goes by it will be
astonished and will hiss at all its
plagues as in the overthrow of sodom and
gomorrah and their neighbors says the
Lord no one shall remain there nor shall
the Son of Man dwell in it behold he
shall come up like a lion from the flood
plain of the Jordan against the dwelling
place of the strong but I will suddenly
make him run away from her and who is a
chosen man that I may appoint over earth
for who is like me who will array me and
who is that Shepherd who will withstand
me therefore hear the counsel of the
Lord that he is taken against Edom and
his purposes that he is proposed against
the inhabitants of teman surely the
least of the flock shall draw them out
surely he shall make their dwelling
places desolate with them the earth
shakes at the noise of their fall at the
cry it's noise is heard at the Red Sea
behold he shall come up and fly like the
eagle and spread its wings over Basra
the heart of the mighty men of Edom in
that day shall be like the heart of a
woman in birth pangs against Damascus
hey math and Arpad are shamed for they
have heard bad news
they are faint-hearted there is trouble
on the sea it cannot be quiet Damascus
has grown feeble she turns to flee and
fear has seized her anguish and sorrows
have taken her like a woman in labor
why is the city of praise not deserted
the city of my joy therefore her young
men shall fall in her streets and all
the men of war shall be cut off in that
day says the Lord of Hosts I will kindle
a fire in the wall of Damascus and it
shall consume the palaces of ben-hadad
against Peter and against the kingdoms
of Heiser which Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon shall strike thus says the Lord
arise go up to Keita and devastate the
men of the east their tents and their
flocks they shall take away they shall
take for themselves their curtains all
their vessels and their camels and they
shall cry out to them fear is on every
side flee get far away dwell in the
depths so inhabitants of hazal for
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has taken
counsel against you and has conceived a
plan against you arise go up to the
wealthy nation that dwells securely
which has neither gates nor bars
dwelling alone their camels shall be for
booty and the multitude of their cattle
for plunder I was scattered to all winds
those in the farthest corners and I will
bring their calamity from all its sides
Heiser shall be our dwelling for jackals
a desolation for ever no one shall
reside there nor son of man dwell in it
the word of the Lord that came to
Jeremiah the Prophet against Elam in the
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
of Judah thus says the Lord of Hosts
behold I will break the bow of Elam the
foremost of their might against Elam I
will bring the four winds from the four
quarters of heaven and scatter them
toward all those winds there shall be no
nations where the outcasts of Elam will
not go for I will cause Elam to be
dismayed before their enemies and before
those who seek their life
I will bring disaster upon them my
fierce anger says the Lord and I will
send the sword after them until I have
consumed them I will set my throne in
Elam and will destroy from there the
king and the princes but it shall come
to pass in the latter days I will bring
back the captives of Elam